gacha_detail: sets rate of each card (PER), whether it's shown on the event page (TOP), and the BG
gacha_detail_daily: same as above, but for daily 6x paid jewel pull
gacha_main: sets the gacha type, name, image, description text, start/end times, cost, details to use, etc. higher IDs take priority


rough steps for loading/parsing data from spreadsheets, for planning purposes (may not match final implementation) are below.
exporting to json is wip.


parsing card ID and rarity from spreadsheets:
  1. split on comma, each element is a separate card for same character
  2. split each card on space, first element is in ("UR", "SR", "R", "N"), second element is card ID (integer)
  3. store each card as a dictionary for now?


converting from per-character columns to single cards column:
  1. lookup each character name column in row (iterate through list of (chara column name, chara ID) tuples)
    a. add character ID to card data
    b. append cards to output list
    c. delete column
  2. add new column for all cards, value is the output list


converting ISO week number with decimal to week and date offset:
  1. integer part is week number
  2. fractional part times 7 is offset (convert to integer/discard remainder, e.g. 0.5 => 3 days)


loading/parsing spreadsheets:
  1. transpose (because entered as columnar data rather than rows - just personal preference for a timeline)
  2. verify first row contains all expected columns, create list of (column index, column name) tuples
  3. remove first row
  4. for every other row, iterate columns list to find known columns -- add value to dictionary for row, with key == column name
  5. parse card IDs and rarities (see above)
  6. convert to single cards column (see above)
  7. omit rows with no cards
  8. convert week number to week and date offset (see above)


checking completeness and accuracy of spreadsheets:
  1. create a list for cards "seen" in rotation+permanent sheets
  2. for each row of each sheet:
    a. verify start date range:
      i.   earliest should match day of that ISO week in 2004 (leap year starting on thursday)
      ii.  latest should match day of that ISO week in 2010 (common year starting on friday)
    b. verify length makes sense:
      i.   date offset plus length should be in [5..7]
      ii.  if another row shares the same integer week and has a higher offset, length must not exceed difference between offsets
    c. for each card in the row:
      i.   check whether card ID is already in seen -- if yes, error (duplicate card)
      ii.  store card ID to seen cards
      iii. if limited rotation sheet, verify that rarity is "SR" or "UR"
      iii. verify that chara ID and rarity match with master_chara (for that card ID)
      iv.  verify that series name (either from card name or master_series) is present in banner and rarity's description text
      v.   verify that chara name is present in rarity's description text
  3. for each card in master_chara:
    a. if card is an event/promo or birthday card, or below SR rarity, skip it
    b. otherwise, verify that it is in the seen cards list -- if no, error (missing card in sheets)


calculating detail sheet "PER":
  PER is like a big spinner - each card has that many positions that give you the card.
  For example, card 1 has PER=1, card 2 has PER=2, card 3 has PER=3.
  Card 1 has a 1/6 chance. Card 2 has 2/6. Card 3 has 3/6. (6 equals 1+2+3, the total of all PERs)
  So...:
    1. Calculate *exact* odds of each card as a fraction
         e.g. 1% limited UR odds: 1/(100*number of limited URs)
    2. Build a set of all denominators, find least common multiple of them
    3. Assert LCM is a sane value (e.g. fits in s16 integer)
    4. Convert frations to have LCM as denominator, take numerator as PER
